Update wiki (#466)
gamer-project/gamer: doc/wiki/Adding-New-Simulations.md

access the field data (see the next step). The check `if ( NewFieldIdx == Idx_Undefined )`
is just to avoid redundant assignments to the same field index variable.

>     Tfuld be set to either `FIXUP_FLUX_YES` or `FIXUP_FLUX_NO`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The second parameter should be set to either `FIXUP_FLUX_YES` or `FIXUP_FLUX_NO`.
```
I think some words are accidentally removed here?
